## Brain dump


On a walk today, thinking about the types of issues that I'd like to engage with.
par of my is interested in trying to insert the question of, "who cares?" into the discussion around vulnerable populations.
We help our neighbors, right? But if we don't help them, or don't know them, shouldn't we at least make sure they're not suffering?
What does "Live and let Live" really mean? Who said it, how do we understand this principle? Is it a core value?
Do I need to understand something to be able to care for it or about it?
Even if I believe they will suffer in the next life, do they need to suffer in *this* life?

Discussion with Heather this morning fed nicely into this theme. Basically, how do we combat hatred and bigotry?
What are its origins? Is it fear? Is it some kind of cosmic worldview?

Or is it a strong believe loosely held—the worst kind, and the kind that is stoked by manipulative forces.

Newsletter thoughts:

* Do I make it more personal? Have a profile and make it relatable? This might narrow the readership but make it more resonant.
* Should I tackle questions of identity and safety early on, or wait?


Some potential kernels of thoughts..

One option to address this is to construct personae and do "interviews". E.g., with someone who is a self-described conservative who has honest questions about how to navigate our world.

Specifically, making it personal, from some middle aged white guy perspective.

Possible back-story elements:

As a kid I remember being called a sissy. It felt really bad. It felt like it made me vulnerable, more likely to get hit or beat up.
I didn't like being called that. Of course, there was no special reason why they might thinik that. I was just a normal kid, didn't feel different.
Everyone had their turn facing allegations of being a sissy, when I was in school. Didn't matter how brave or boy-like you were. So, even without any underlying element of truth (i knew I wasn't a sissy--whatver that actually means),
I could feal the fear that came with that title. What if the bully beats me up because they think I'm being a sissy?

I remember feeling scared, but then feeling confident that I had the physical might to fight back should anyone get the wrong idea.
Eventually, this gave me the confidence not to really worry or think twice about being afraid someone might think that about me or try to hurt me in some way because of it.

I suppose I was lucky, to be able to shed that fear. There was basically nothing not normal about me, my interests, my looks, etc., that made it hard to shed that.

But what if I hadn't been able to shed the fear? What if there had been something different enough (or different seeming) to others who insisted on the name calling and threats?

Final message from the interviewd persona: Don't be a bully. Live and let live.


## Another idea:

Creating 100+ twitter profiles, making posts with AI personae, tracking engagement with twitter API and home-spun analytics.
Could run a cron daily to make new posts on certain topics. But instead of spreading unreasonable, polarizing opinions, spreading common sense perspectives that restore empathy.


Questions:

* How deep do I need these twitter personae to be? Photos, back-stories? How do I get AI photos or profiles?
* What's the twitter API doing these days? Can I scrape comments or follow re-posters to do sentiment analysis automatically?
* Will this promote more engagement than a more thoughtful, long-ish form hyper-local newsletter + blog? What if I do both?
